Docs: Add install doc pages (#186)
kubernetes-sigs/kueue: docs/setup/README.md

# Setup

> This section provides steps to deploy Kueue in your cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This section provides step-by-step instructions on how to deploy Kueue in your cluster.
```
